ISPN-12657 Cross-Site automatic state transfer (#9202)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/con_xsite_state_transfer.adoc

====

* link:{rest_docs}#rest_v2_clear_cache[Clearing Caches with the REST API]

== Automatic State Transfer

> For asynchronous backup strategy, automatic state transfer is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the asynchronous backup strategy, {brandname} can automatically perform cross-site state transfer operations.
```

> When a network connection is restored, {brandname} can initiate the bi-directional state transfer,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When it detects that a backup location has come back online and the network connection is stable, {brandname} can initiate bi-directional state transfer operations.
```

> i.e. from **LON** to **NYC** and vice-versa, at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, cross-site state transfer can automatically backup from **LON** to **NYC** and vice-versa at the same time.
```

[NOTE]
====

> This behaviour is disabled by default and must be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, automatic cross-site state transfer is disabled.
```
